(Keys clattering)
(Muffled music)
(Dance music)
Hi. A gin and tonic.
How you doing?
Hi.
Good?
Yeah.
So, uh,
me and my boy here,
we're just having
a guys' night out
and I've got to tell you
you just ruined it
by being so hot.
(Laughing)
Seriously, you know
what I'm going to do?
Is I'm going to put
you on my to-do list.
Ooh.
Heh...
Have any of those lines
ever worked for you?
Yeah!
Yeah? Okay, not now, so.
You failed. Failed!
All right,
all right, whoa...
(Music)
That was impressive.
Thank you.
Sorry about him, I...
Usually it takes
him a few minutes
to embarrass himself
but you managed
to do it in
record time.
(Laughing)
I'm Bruce, by the way.
Hi, Emma.
Emma! Excited
to meet you.
Where are you from?
Sweden.
Sweden,
like the country?
Yeah. Like the country.
I love Sweden!
Okay. Have you been?
No, I mean, uh...
Yeah, I know where it is.
It's up in Europe, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, I heard a
lot of really good
things about it.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
But here, cheers!
To Sweden!
Yeah.
Wow, you're tall!
Oh no, I'm actually
standing on the
railing here.
Oh. (Laughing)
Yeah...
Not that tall.
No, I mean...
Welcome down!
Average height, but...
I wouldn't say
average, but...
In America...
Okay.
Yeah. We're shorter,
I guess, than you guys.
Do you want to dance?
Um...
Please say yes?
I... yeah.
Okay!
Let's do this.
(Music)
Wow.
Woohoo!
(Music)
Wow, you can
really move!
What?
I said you can
really dance!
(Music)
You can't hear
anything?
I can't hear you,
the music is too loud!
Okay, then I'm going
to have to tell you,
you have the most beautiful
face I've ever seen!
Bruce, Bruce, Bruce, Bruce...
Bruce. Bruce. Bruce. Bruce!
What are you doing?
are you serious right now?
We're getting married
tomorrow, okay?
We have a ton of stuff
to do. Come on.
Okay, I know, I'm so sorry.
I just...
(Music)
* We're not living in America
* But we're not sorry
* I knew there was something
* That we never had
* We don't worry
* No, we're not
living in America *
* But we're not sorry, no
* We don't care
about the world today *
* We're not sorry
* For you
* For my baby, baby,
baby, baby *
* Aahh
Bruce:
Honey, I'm home!
Hey.
I think I just won
fiancé of the year.
I ordered the flowers,
I booked
the honeymoon hotel,
picked up my suit,
and I bought all
the rice for people
to throw at us.
Rice?
Yeah, you don't
want rice?
What? No, it's just...
This wedding...
What about
the wedding? It's...
Don't tell me you're
having second thoughts,
it's happening tomorrow!
No, dummy. I mean,
of course I want
to marry you.
I'm just thinking,
you know,
a church and a priest
and some rice and...
It's so very
traditional.
It's a wedding.
Yeah, but this is such
a wedding-y wedding.
I mean, isn't it
a little late
for all of this?
We should have
discussed this earlier.
Well, I'm thinking,
you know...
Maybe we could spice
it up a little.
Are you talking
sex wise?
Because I thought
I was doing really
good lately.
I'm talking
about the wedding.
Check this out.
Like this?
(Recorded music, cheers)
(Snickering)
Fun!
Right?
Fun? Yes.
It's very...
You're serious?
Yeah!
You want us all
to dance down the aisle?
(Video stops)
It's fun, right?
Uh, yeah. It's...
Everyone is involved and
it's something different.
It's not very traditional.
No, it's not at
all traditional.
So, that's...
You got that, yeah.
So?
Yeah. If you want
to do it, that's fine.
You can have this.
Are you sure you
want to do this?
I think it's
a great idea!
Yeah.
I think it's
a terrible idea.
What... why?
You want us all to
dance down the aisle?
Have you ever seen
your father dance?
(Speaking in Swedish)
Honey, if you're nervous
about the wedding,
there are other ways
to cancel it
that don't involve
your father dancing.
I'm not nervous and
I don't want to cancel it.
I just want it to be fun.
We want to dance down
the aisle, right honey?
Yeah, uh, I would dance
to the North Pole for you.
Oh, that's sweet.
The North Pole is
not that far from here.
Anyway, you both know
my thoughts on the matter.
Marriage ruins relationships.
Oh, here we go again.
There's a reason why
the word "gift" in Swedish
means both "marriage"
and "poison".
(Laughing)
Okay, you know,
that's not even true.
My parents have been
married for a long time,
and they seem very happy.
I met your parents, Bruce.
Where are they,
by the way?
I thought they were
supposed to be here?
Emma didn't tell you?
No...
They called and said
their flight was cancelled.
But the wedding
is tomorrow!
(Door bell chiming)
I know. It's awful.
They said they were
going to change flights
or try to find
new flights,
but I don't even know if
they're going to make it.
Maybe we should
cancel it.
Ah, this is Bruce
I was talking about.
He lives here too.
Woman:
Ah...
Hey, Bruce!
It's my place.
How's it going?
Hi, I'm Cecilia.
Hello, nice
to meet you!
Gustaf, take this off.
Cecilia is my
girlfriend.
What? Wow!
And your shoe...
Like, a girl
who's my friend,
(Grunting, straining)
but more.
The other shoe.
But I get it, yeah.
Much more.
Heh, heh...
Like, we have sex,
like, lots of sex...
Yeah, I got it
the first time,
you don't need to...
Um...
Cecilia:
(Moaning)
Uh, you know what,
it seems like you guys
have a really nice
connection there.
You know what,
can you guys
just come in?
Before you...
Yeah.
(Laugh)
Nobody needs
to see that.
Bruce:
Ah, okay! Everyone,
here's the big news.
This is Cecilia,
Gustaf's girlfriend.
Uh, Gustaf, Gustaf.
Maybe you should
wash your hands.
You should always wash
your hands before a meal.
I'll come with you and
see that you make it right.
Of course,
how stupid of me.
(Chuckling)
(Whispering)
She's the best!
(Distant muffled laughter)
What's...
A girlfriend? Do you
think he's paying her?
(Chuckling)
(Moaning)
A girlfriend?
How is that even possible?
Maybe it was love
at first sight.
That doesn't exist, Emma.
And with Gustaf.
Not even I loved him
at first sight.
It took years.
(Distant muffled
moaning, grunting)
Nae...
(Louder moaning)
Maybe we should go to
the church to rehearse?
(Mixed agreements)
(Music)
* All I want is your love
Woman:
Whoo!
(Music)
* All I want is your love
(Mixed cheers)
Yeah!
* All I want is your love
(Music)
Eh...
* All I want is your love
(Music)
(Snickering)
Well, someone has
to say something.
About what?
About the fact that
she danced down the
aisle like a stripper.
Not even a good stripper,
like a slutty stripper!
I have to admit
it was quite shocking.
Did you know she
danced like that?
Well, I mean,
I knew she danced sexy
but I thought it was just
when it was the two of us
dancing alone together.
I-I don't want
to see that again.
As a father, I feel dirty.
Well, maybe we should
just cancel the wedding?
No. Nice try, but no.
Okay, then
I'll tell her.
No, no, no.
I'll tell her, okay?
(Squealing)
That was so much
fun, right?
Yes! That was!
Honey, we need
to talk about your bit,
because you were
really stiff,
but, otherwise
everyone else!
Terrific, right?
Bruce:
Yeah, you know, we were...
I knew it!
This felt nothing like
a traditional wedding.
Yes, yes. You're
right about that.
Very untraditional.
(Music)
(Singsong)
There she is!
Good morning!
(Laughing)
Today is the day!
The future
Mrs. Evans-Wiik.
Or Wiik-Evans?
That sounds
better, right?
Honey, we should
talk a little bit
about the dance.
What about the dance?
It's...
nice, it's good so far,
I think, um...
But the choreography
I think maybe
we should look
a little bit at...
What's wrong with
the choreography?
Nothing wrong
with it, at all,
it's just that...
the end part,
I thought maybe
we could...
What is wrong with you?
I'm fine,
I'm just feeling
a little sick,
but I'm fine.
Okay.
Probably just
pre-wedding jitters.
No! God no.
I mean, I was...
I felt worse yesterday,
so I went to the doctor
and everything's fine.
You went to the doctor?
Yeah!
What did he say?
Honey, he ran some tests
and everything is fine.
Okay?
Well we've got
to get going.
I mean, this is a big day,
(Chuckling)
Mmm!
And I don't want to
see you in your dress.
So you're getting ready
at your mother's, right?
Yeah, yeah. I am.
Great.
So, what's the latest
on your parents?
I don't even want
to talk about that,
it's stressing me out.
They said that the flight
might not make it in time
and that they're going
to meet us at the church...
We shouldn't let it
ruin our day.
(Chuckling)
No, because this
is such a big day.
It's like what we
always dreamed of.
It is?
God I can't wait.
Yeah, oh, me too.
(Music)
(Vomiting)
We'll be starting
in five minutes
and I'm soon going
to let the guests in.
Okay, this is happening.
DJ, you're ready?
Okay, this has gone
on far too long.
I'm going
to tell her. Yes.
Bruce:
No, no...
I'll do it.
He can do it.
(Rapid tapping)
Emma...
Gustaf:
Birger:
Viveka:
Wait, what's going on?
Do you guys...
not want to dance, or what?
No... No, no, no.
We, um, we just...
thought that your part...
maybe we should,
we could take it
down a notch.
What are you talking about?
Viveka:
I can't take it any longer,
I have to say it!
You dance too sexy.
It's horrible!
(Laugh)
Phew! I feel
much better.
That's... I mean,
that's how...
young people dance.
It's called
modern dance.
And also, this church is
not a traditional church
so we can do
whatever we want to.
And luckily
we have a priest
who's cool
and progressive,
and not a total
prude, right?
Actually, um,
if I'm being honest
I think your dancing
might be, uh...
a little much.
I can't believe I'm
hearing this right now.
Bruce:
No, it's... um...
(Cellphone ringing)
Hey!
Wayne:
Hey, son, it's your father.
Yeah, I know, where are
you guys? The wedding
is about to start.
I'm sorry son, but we
couldn't get a flight.
What?
Yeah,
I-I just don't think
we're going to make it.
At all? I mean...
the wedding's about to start!
Where are you guys?
Both:
Surprise!
(Frustrated groan)
Look at the look
on his face!
That is not cool,
you guys!
Told you he'd be
happy to see us!
I know.
It was your father's idea.
You know how funny he is.
Oh, our baby!
Plus now we get
to dance down
the aisles!
We heard all about it,
Viveka told us!
Yeah.
So we've been
practicing our moves.
Show him, honey!
(Laughing)
Oh my God...
It's good, right?
No!
The dancing is done,
we don't need
any more dancing.
But we do have seats
for you guys in front.
Okay.
And uh...
no more dancing, okay?
You look good. Aww!
Yeah, thank you.
Those look like
prom shoes.
Pants are
a little snug, honey.
Don't forget
to say "I do".
I'm going to cry,
so don't be
distracted by that.
Okay,
what's wrong
with the shoes?
Lots of crying.
(Music)
Bruce:
Babe, come back inside!
How could you not tell
me you felt this way?
It's not a big deal,
okay? You just danced
a little sexy.
This is not sexy,
this is modern dance.
Okay. Is this just
some sort of weird
last minute attempt
not to get married?
I do want to marry you.
I wanted to marry you since
the first time I met you,
when you pretended
to know where Sweden was.
Okay, good because
I want to marry you too!
Really badly!
And, I mean, there's,
like, a million reasons
why we shouldn't be together
and a million reasons
why this wedding shouldn't
be happening, but it is
and this is because it's
supposed to be, okay?
I want to be
with you every day.
I want to walk down
the street with you and
have people be, like,
"Hey, why is that super hot
girl with this schmo?"
Aww, you're not a schmo.
Wait, what's a schmo?
It's a schmuck.
Oh, what's a schmuck?
It doesn't matter, okay?
Okay,
but this is not
about the wedding.
This is about... the dance.
I don't know...
I'm not sure
I want to do it.
Okay, so we won't
do it, then.
Okay.
Yeah, it's no problem.
I'll just tell the DJ
not to play the song.
Okay... Oh, no.
Oh God.
(Muffled music from inside)
Ahh...
Okay, listen,
listen, honey,
Your mom was
wrong, okay?
Mm-hmm.
Marriages don't
ruin relationships,
they make them
stronger, okay?
Okay.
So we're going to
do this together.
We're going to dance
sexy together.
Not sexy, modern.
Not sexy, modern, yes.
Modernly, we'll dance
modernly together,
and just...
I don't know,
I'm just...
(Sigh)
Trust me, okay?
Just follow
my lead, okay?
Okay.
Let's do it.
(Deep breath)
* All I want is your love
(Mixed chatter)
(Mixed cheers)
(Rhythmic clapping)
(Mixed shouts)
(Clapping fades)
(Music)
(Thuds)
Yeah!
(Wood creaking)
(Music)
He didn't get the moves
from you, that's for sure.
(Music)
(Oohs and ahhs, whistling)
Various:
Aww!
(Music)
She looks kind of slutty.
Oh, I'm so bored.
I'm just saying,
I don't think
it's appropriate,
that's all.
Honey, what happened
to the modern dance?
You were right,
it looked too sexy.
But thank you, though.
Actually, we're
not at that part
of the ceremony yet.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry.
(Clearing throat)
(Exhaling)
Do you, Bruce,
promise to do your best
to try and love Emma
till death do you part
I...
or until some other
unforeseen event occurs?
I do.
Oh, come on!
Priest:
And, do you, Emma...
Can you believe this?
This is not going to last.
...promise to do your best
to try and love Bruce
without sacrificing
your independence
or individuality in any way?
(Chuckling,
speaking Swedish)
Honey!
I said yes.
Did she say yes?
I now pronounce you
husband and wife!
And now you can
kiss each other.
(Funky music)
(Cheering, applause)
And ladies and gentlemen,
I present to you
Mr. and Mrs. Wiik-Evans!
Yay!
Actually it's
Evans-Wiik.
Oh, keep going,
keep going.
It's Evans-Wiik.
Evans-Wiik.
(Music)
(Applause)
Bruce:
(Humming)
Little champagne
for the newlyweds!
We did it!
We did it, honey!
Yes!
(Cellphone ringing)
Can you answer my phone?
This is Mrs. Evans' phone.
Wiik-Evans!
Wi...Wiik-Evans...
(Sighing)
Uh, she is here,
but, uh, she's busy.
We are just married.
Newlyweds!
(Chuckling)
Yes.
(In Swedish)
Who was it?
I don't know,
they insisted upon
speaking Swedish.
I think it was from
your doctor's office.
Are you good
friends with them?
Because they were really
happy about this wedding.
Okay?
They were like...
I'm pregnant?
What?
"Gravid" means pregnant.
(Swallowing)
For... um...
I don't...uh...
From... ?
(Exhaling)
* We're not living in America